## Seed code - Final SBA-JAVA AWS 

### Assignment Step Description

In this step, i will create this application 
    
        1. AuthenticationService
        2. OutReachmanagementAPI
        3. OutReachmanagementUI

### Steps to be followed:

    Step 1: Clone the boilerplate in a specific folder on your local machine and import the same in your eclipse STS.
    Step 2: implement the code for AuthenticationService and run the test cases.
    Step 3: implement the code for OutReachmanagementAPI and run the test cases.
    Step 4: implement the code for OutReachmanagementUI  and run the test cases.

### Project structure

The folders and files you see in this repositories, is how it is expected to be in projects, which are submitted for automated evaluation by Hobbes

    Project
	|
	├── AuthenticationService                   // This is the microservice for User Authentication
	├── OutReachmanagementAPI                             // This is the microservice of OutReachmanagementAPI   
	├── OutReachmanagementUI                                      // This is the UI   
	├── .gitignore			                    // This file contains a list of file name that are supposed to be ignored by git 
	├── .project			                    // This is automatically generated by eclipse, if this file is removed your eclipse will not recognize this as your eclipse project. 
	└── pom.xml 			                    // This is the parent POM, which holds all the microservice projects.

> PS: All lint rule files are by default copied during the evaluation process, however if need to be customizing, you should copy from this repo and modify in your project repo


#### To use this as a boilerplate for your new project, you can follow these steps

1. Clone the base boilerplate in the folder **assignment-solution-step6** of your local machine
     
    `git clone https://code.cognizant.com/454988/S2Assignments.git`

2. Navigate to assignment-solution-step6 folder

    `cd S2Assignments`

3. Remove its remote or original reference

     `git remote rm origin`

4. Create a new repo in gitlab named `Final-FSD` as private repo

5. Add your new repository reference as remote

     `git remote add origin https://code.cognizant.com/454988/S2Assignments.git`

     **Note: {{yourusername}} should be replaced by your username from gitlab**

5. Check the status of your repo 
     
     `git status`

6. Use the following command to update the index using the current content found in the working tree, to prepare the content staged for the next commit.

     `git add .`
 
7. Commit and Push the project to git

     `git commit -a -m "Initial commit | or place your comments according to your need"`

     `git push -u origin master`

8. Check on the git repo online, if the files have been pushed


### Further Instructions on Release

*** Release 0.1.0 ***

- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> spring boot app to run your Assignment.
- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> JUnit Test to run your Assignment.